Okay, birthday girl,
it is time to go to sleep.
Not yet,
it's still my birthday.
Come on we've been
celebrating since you woke us up
screaming, "Get up,
it's my birthday!"
Okay, say goodnight, kid.
I'm not a kid anymore.
I'm four years old.
Well, even four years old girls
need their sleep. Goodnight.
- Goodnight.
- Goodnight, Michelle.
Are you sure there's
no more presents?
The party is over.
Not for me.
♪ Happy birthday to me ♪
♪ Happy birthday dear
Michelle Elizabeth Tanner ♪
♪ Happy birthday to me ♪
♪ And many more ♪♪
♪ Aah aah aah aah ♪
♪ Aah ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability? ♪
♪ The milkman
the paper boy ♪
♪ Evenin' TV ♪
♪ When did I get
to living here? ♪
♪ Somebody tell me please ♪
♪ This old world's ♪
♪ Confusin' me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you've ever seen ♪
♪ Ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Kid don't sell
your dreams so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold on to ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere ♪
♪ There's a face ♪
♪ Of somebody who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're
lost out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waitin' ♪
♪ To carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Do-be-do-ba-ba-da ♪♪
Michelle, check out
my project for the science fair.
This is what the inside
of your brain looks like.
I got cauliflower
in my head?
No, but once you put
a lima bean up your nose.
Buenos dias,
las Tanneritas.
Eww, sad-looking breakfast.
Kimmy, this is what's
inside your head.
Half a brain.
I don't want dad to see this
until the science fair.
So remember, you guys
never saw my brain.
I never saw it
used anyway.
Girls, gather around. It's time
for a little family meeting.
You know, when Joey
and Uncle Jesse
left this morning
to shoot their commercial
it dawned on me,
this is the first time
we're gonna have a few days
to spend together
just the four of us.
You mean the five of us.
Kimmy, I can count.
The point is there's always
been someone in the house
helping me out,
so this is the first time
I get to spend some time with
you girls all by myself.
So hey, nobody make
dinner plans, okay?
I'm there for you, dad.
Dad, don't forget about
the science fair
after school tomorrow.
I can't wait to see
that big surprise project.
I know what it is.
Michelle.
No, I don't.
- Bye, dad.
- Bye-bye.
Oh, Deej, I got
so wrapped up
in this family togetherness,
I almost forgot.
Kathy Santoni's home
with the stomach flu.
- Alright!
Girls, it's not really nice
to celebrate your friends
digestive disorders.
But I'm her understudy.
This means I get to be Juliet
in the drama festival.
Alright!
It's on Wednesday afternoon.
You'll be there, right?
I wouldn't miss it
for anything.
Okay, Michelle, arms up.
Great, first I'm going to
take you to pre-school
and then I'm going
to go to work
and then do the marketing,
clean the house
and Kathy Santoni
a get-well card
and still have time to
put a hot dinner on the table.
Impossible, you say?
For the average father, yes.
But not for me,
because I am super dad.
♪ Super dad flying
out the door ♪
♪ Super dad you can eat
right off my floor ♪
♪ Super dad ♪♪
Wait a minute,
tomorrow is Wednesday.
How can dad be at
Stephanie's science fair
when it's the same day
as my drama festival?
He can be in two places at once.
He's super dad.
Joseph, we've been
out here for three hours.
The fox is not coming out.
I hate it out here.
Patience, my friend.
Just think how great our
commercial's gonna be.
When that fox pops
out of his hole
and zips across the forest
as we hear, "Fox fax machines
for a fast fax,
fax with a Fox."
Forget the fox,
I'm freezing my fanny.
Here, take my jacket.
I'm sweating like
a heifer in a hot tub.
Give me that.
Hey, mellow out, amigo.
Animals can sense bad vibes.
Oh, yeah?
Why don't you shoot some good
vibes right in the hole
so the fox will come out
and play with us.
Alright, I will.
Alright.
Yoo-hoo!
(imitates Mr. Woodchuck)
Mr. Fox!
It's me, your next-door
neighbor, Mr. Woodchuck.
Would you like to
come out into the forest
and frolic with me?
The trees are made of..
...wood.
Alright, cut the voices.
Stick your hand in there
and yank the fox out.
No way, I know my cartoons.
I put my hand in there
he gives me a stick of dynamite.
Get out of my way.
Alright, you furry-faced rodent
get your little fox buns
out here right now!
They don't listen.
That's it, Joseph.
We'll get the shot at the zoo.
I'm going home.
Hello.
No sudden moves.
You scare that skunk,
he sprays us
we don't go
on a date for a year.
Excuse me one moment, I'm huh..
...I'm just gonna be
right over here.
Feel free to use our roll-on
deodorant if needed.
'Joseph, do something.'
Alright, I uh, I got a plan.
I speak skunk.
(imitates Pepe Le Pew)
Bonjour, monsieur skunk.
Ha-ha!
It is moi, Pepe Le Pew.
Look, over there in the forest.
A beautiful lady skunk.
Run to her, you stinky stud.
Ooh-la-la. Ho ho ho ho!
Joey, it's the fox.
Turn on the camera.
No way, I'm not
getting skunked.
There goes the skunk.
'There goes the fox.'
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Come back here!
Great, now what do we do?
Well, let's just sit and enjoy
the beauty of
the forest at night.
Ah, listen.
[imitating a cricket]
[imitating a owl]
[imitating flapping wings]
Will you knock it off?
I hate the woods.
Jess, you just have
to open yourself up
to the natural beauty
that surrounds us.
What beauty?
There's no central heating
no pizza delivery
no place to plug in
my blow dryer.
Joseph, if you haven't noticed
there's no people out here.
You want to know why? Because
as soon as man invented cars.
He drove out of here.
Why do you have to yell?
You yell at me, you yell
at these poor little creatures.
At least I don't talk to them
in stupid little voices.
Joseph, I hate to burst
the bubble that you live in
but very few of these animals
have ever watched cartoons.
You know, you are really
starting to bum me out.
Are you happy? I was in a great
mood and you just ruined it.
Actually, I do feel
a little better, yeah.
Hi, daddy.
Hi, Michelle.
How would you like to be
daddy's special helper
and finish setting the table?
- It'll be my pleasure.
- Thank you.
[dryer buzzes]
Ah, clothes are dry.
[oven timer dings]
Ooh, my famous
tuna noodle casserole.
Can't wait to smell this.
[telephone rings]
I better get that,
It might be the phone.
Okay, coming.
Like you can hear me.
Hello, super dad.
Oh, yeah, hi, Becky.
Yeah, you know what? I really
don't need your housekeeper.
No, this single parent
stuff's a piece of cake.
[oven timer rings]
Got to go, that's
my vegetable medley.
[dryer timer buzz]
[oven timer rings]
Uh..
No, I really got to go now
'cause my shorts are cooked,
and my noodles are dry and..
Hello, hello.
Let me get back
to you on that.
[buzz]
[ding]
♪ Super dad ♪
Michelle, what are you doing?
Being your special helper.
Well, thank you very much
but would you please put
all the condiments
back in the refrigerator?
Preferably arranged
the way you found them.
In alphabetical order.
Are you talking to me?
Please put everything
back, okay?
- Hi, dad.
- Hi, Mr. T.
- Juliet, how was rehearsal?
- It was hard work.
I must have done that kissing
scene with Romeo 15 times.
Well, that's all part of..
Fifteen times?
I had a lot of
catching up to do.
But you're coming tomorrow
like you promised, right?
Hey, I'm gonna be right
there in the front row
with a bucket of cold water.
'Michelle?'
Why did you clear everything
off of the table?
You said, put everything back.
Yeah, well, I meant
the condiments
not the plates
and the silverware.
This is not my fault.
Honey, I know
it's not your fault.
It's my fault, okay?
Now please, just put the plates
and silverware
back on the table.
Are you sure this time?
Yes, I'm sure this time.
- Well, alright.
- Let's eat.
I got to put the finishing
touches on my science project.
Great, if you need any extra
help, super dad is here for you.
Thanks, dad, but you
can't see my project
until tomorrow
at the science fair.
Tomorrow?
Wednesday!
Deej, isn't that when you're
doing "Romeo and Juliet?"
Bingo, super dad.
Oh, I am so sorry, girls.
I didn't realize
I promised you both.
But you promised me first.
Tell her you're
coming with me, dad.
No, tell her you're
Wow! This would make
a great game show, Mr. T.
"Who do you love more?"
Kimmy, let's see what's
behind door number one.
Oh, oh! Would you look
at that? It's the exit.
Thank you for playing our game.
Dad, you said you wouldn't miss
me playing Juliet for anything.
I know I said that, honey,
but I don't know--
You're not coming
to my science fair?
How could you
do this to me?
- Steph.
- Good choice, dad.
I didn't say I was
going with you.
But you promised me.
- I know I promised you, Deej.
- Oh, fine, break a promise.
Why don't you just
go with Stephanie?
Deej!
I set the table again.
Honey, we're not
eating right now.
He's driving me bananas.
Girls, let's talk about this.
Stephanie, I'm sick
of you wrecking my life.
I'm sleeping in
uncle Jesse's room.
Fine!
Michelle, what
are you mad about?
I'm not mad.
I like this game.
Fine!
Okay, now we've got
two events and one parent.
Now, that's what
I call a dilemma.
And you know my motto.
When life gives you dilemmas
you make the lemonade.
Dad, you're stalling.
Okay, before I tell you my
decision you both understand
that I love all my girls
exactly the same.
You know that, don't you?
Okay, good.
Now, DJ, I'm sorry
I cannot go to your play.
Yes!
I promised you I'd go
to your science fair
before I even knew
about DJ's play.
Oh, great.
So that's it?
You're not coming?
Honey, I promise,
next time you're in a play
I'll see it twice, okay?
Let's just be together
and have a nice dinner.
I made my fabulous
tuna noodle casserole
and some absolutely
glorious steamed vegetables.
Mmm.
Aha.
Aah!
This was my science project.
You made a side dish
for a science project?
It was a brain.
And you boiled it.
Oh, Steph..
...I'm so sorry.
I thought Uncle Jesse left it
for us for dinner.
This is a real tragedy.
Speaking of tragedies
"Romeo and Juliet"
is one of the best.
Well, I guess dad
can go see it now.
I'm hungry, can I have
some brain, please?
Mr. Bird.
[chirping]
Mr. Squirrel, how are you?
Ah, Joseph, this is so
beautiful out here.
I saw the most
amazing sunrise.
The sun was coming up
over the lake.
I could see the
reflection of the trees
and the mountains and..
'I'm talking to a pair of
boots.'
Joey, Joseph, wake up, wake up.
Oh, man, I didn't sleep a wink.
An army of ants turned me
into an all-night salad bar.
Ah, amigo.
Smell the fresh air.
Enjoy the virgin forest.
Heck! Hug a tree.
Did you have a close encounter
with a wood fairy?
No, I was just thinking
about what you said.
You're absolutely right.
I never realized
how beautiful nature really is.
It just puts me in such
a great mood being out here.
Hey, Joe, here.
Do a voice.
Make Mr. Woodchuck
do a voice, come on.
Do Mr. Twig,
how does Mr. Twig talk?
Hello, I'm Mr. Twig,
how does he talk?
Twigs do not talk.
And why not?
Because in the words
of Mr. Woodchuck
"They're made of..
...wood." Huh? Huh?
I got it down.
I was practicing.
(imitates Mr. Woodchuck)
Yeah, well, they do
look pretty appetizing.
Thanks for cheering me up,
I was a crab.
I was crabby, too.
I'm sorry, this is great.
What you say? Want to go take
a hike? I'll show you that lake.
Sounds great. I'll grab a couple
granola bars and toilet paper.
- And we're out of here.
- Good.
[whistling "Happy Trails"]
♪ Until we meet again ♪
♪ Happy trails to you ♪
♪ Keep smiling until then ♪
Take it, Joe.
♪ Who cares about the clouds ♪
♪ When we're together? ♪
♪ Just sing a song ♪
♪ And bring the sunny weather ♪
♪ Happy trails to you ♪
♪ Till we meet again ♪
♪ Until we meet again ♪
♪ Get the camera, Joseph ♪
♪ And film our furry friend ♪
♪ Who cares about the clouds ♪
♪ When we're together? ♪
♪ Just sing a song ♪
♪ And bring the sunny weather ♪
♪ Happy trails to you ♪
♪ Till we meet again ♪♪
Hark, o' father, my first scene
begineth at 3:15.
Be thou not late.
I'll be-eth there.
What's that thing
doing back?
I thought we ate it.
My brain, it's alive.
And uncooked, I stayed up
all night finishing it, honey.
This means you can
come to my science fair.
This worked out great.
Yeah, it worked out
great for you.
And for you.
I figured the whole
thing out.
Steph, if I go
to your science fair
and leave at exactly 4:18.
Then , Deej, I'll make it just
in time to see your second scene
from "Romeo and Juliet."
Perfect solution, huh, girls?
But in the second scene,
Juliet's dead.
Too bad you can't
see me when I'm alive.
Bye, dad.
Bye.
And you're gonna
miss the judging.
Which is pretty much
the reason for going.
- Bye, dad.
- Bye, honey.
Let's play horsey,
you be the horse.
Honey, daddy is really tired.
Okay. I'll be the horse.
Okay, daddy's got
a better idea, miss Ed.
Since we've got an hour before
the science fair and the play
why don't you lie down
and take a little nap?
I don't want to take a nap.
Daddy doesn't really care.
Daddy had a hard day at work.
Daddy was up
all night performing
third grade brain surgery.
Daddy says,
you're taking a nap.
I'll tell you what,
I'll even rest with you
for a couple
of minutes, okay?
Ahh!
Daddy?
♪ Rock-a-bye daddy
on the tree top ♪
♪ When the wind blows
the cradle will rock ♪♪
Goodnight.
Dad! I'm home with my
prize-winning brain.
That you didn't
show up to see!
Dad?
Okay, you little kiss-up,
how did you convince dad
to miss my "Romeo and Juliet?"
What are you talking about?
He missed my science fair.
Then where is he?
I don't know.
I just got home.
Well, dad wouldn't
just not show up.
Do you think something
happened to him?
- Dad!
- Dad! Dad!
Be quiet!
Daddy is sleeping.
Oh, Dad, I'm so glad
you're okay.
We were so
worried about you.
I'm fine.
Six o' clock?
I slept through everything.
It's okay, we're just glad
nothing happened to you.
Girls, I am so sorry.
I wanted to be there so badly
and I let you both down.
You know,
this single parent stuff
is not as easy as
I thought it would be.
We didn't make it
any easier for you.
I'm sorry I was
so selfish today.
I'm sorry, too.
Michelle, you had nothing
to do with this.
I don't want to be left out.
Oh, come here, honey.
You girls are the greatest.
I must be the luckiest dad
in the whole world.
You're the greatest dad
Oh, shucks.
So what did the greatest
dad in the world
sleep through today?
Well, the play was great
but Romeo got the hiccups
so we had to cut the
kissing scene short.
Gee, what a shame.
How about you, sweetie?
My brain won a special prize.
Most biodegradable.
Alright.
Well, I'm gonna go
get dinner started.
Dad, wait.
You do so much for us.
Let us cook dinner for you.
Great idea.
Come on, Michelle.
You can be our special helper.
Okay, but I'm not setting
that table, mister.
Come on.
♪ Aah aah aah aah ♪
[theme music]
♪ Do-be-do-ba-ba-da ♪♪